Privacy Policy for My Brain Bixby Capsule

This privacy policy describes what information this application obtains, and how it is used.

What Information is Stored

This application uses a hashed version of your Samsung user id (which does not include
your email address or other personally identifying information), your device model, your
country code, local language type, and the current date and time,
to store memories that you specify into a database. As such, you alone have control over
what information about yourself or people you know is stored when you use this application.

The database will contain only information that you have explicitly stated, while the using
the capsule.  No personal information, such as your name, address, or phone number will ever be
stored, unless you specifically choose to include it when speaking to the application.

You should not store sensitive or personal information using this application.
Information stored in the database is available to the developers of the application,
and associated with your user id. While your name is never stored, it may be possible
to confirm that information associated with a user id belongs to you, if we were able to
obtain the Samsung email address you used to sign up. Please do not store sensitive,
personal, classified, or confidential information using this service.

This application may collect certain information automatically, as all Bixby capsules do,
including, but not limited to, the type of Devices you use, your Device unique IDs,
the IP address of your Devices, your Device operating system, the type of mobile
Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the application.

How To Opt Out

If you’d like to delete everything you have provided to this application, say to your
device, "Hi Bixby, tell My Brain to forget everything", and confirm it when prompted.
All information you have stored will be erased from the live database.

Information stored in our database backups may exist for a while, but will not be available
through the application. In addition, those backups will be deleted within a reasonable
amount of time. There is no guarantee this information will remain secure indefinitely
Your safest alternative is not to store anything truly sensitive in the first place.

Third Parties

Only aggregated, anonymized data will ever be shared with third parties, such as how many
users there are, and how many memories have been stored. No personally identifying
information will ever be shared with third parties.

Children

We do not use our application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children
under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has
provided us with information without their consent, he or she should delete such
information by saying to the device, "Hi Bixby, tell My Brain to forget everything",
and confirm it when prompted.

Security

We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information.
We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process
and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized developers
who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve the application.

Our developers will make every effort to keep your information private. Nevertheless,
please be aware that no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.

Changes

This privacy policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any
changes to this policy by posting the new privacy policy here.

You are advised to consult this privacy policy regularly for any changes,
as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

Your Consent

By using our application, you are consenting to our use of your information as
described above, and as amended in this policy from time to time.

If you reside outside of the United States you should be aware that your information
will be transferred, processed and stored in the United States, under California and
United States privacy standards.

Thank you for your kind attention.
