Terms of Use for My Brain capsule for Bixby

These Terms of Service are between you and Van Boughner, the developer of My Brain capsule for Bixby.

By using or accessing the capsule, you agree to these terms, as updated from time to time.
Van Boughner reserves the right, at his sole discretion, to modify these terms at any time without
prior notice to you. If you do not agree to the terms as modified, you must stop using the capsule.
Your continued use of the Capsule following any modification of these terms constitutes
acceptance of those changes. You understand that the use of the Capsule is voluntary.

Please ensure that others do not interact with the capsule on your behalf, and, if you do not want to be overheard,
ensure that you are out of earshot when interacting with the capsule.

It is possible that Bixby (and the equipment Bixby is installed on) and/or Samsung will record your interactions
with the Capsule or with Bixby. Consult your agreements with Samsung for more details about how interactions are
treated by Samsung and your Bixby-enabled device.

The capsule is provided on an "as is," "without any warranty," and "without any liability" basis.
You bear the risk of using it. Van Boughner does not guarantee the quality, accuracy, completeness, or
timeliness of the capsule, or warrant that the functionality or operation of the capsule will be uninterrupted or
free from error, or that any defects in the capsule will be corrected, or that the capsule or the servers that make
it available are free of viruses or other harmful conditions or components. The capsule may occasionally be
restricted, interrupted, or discontinued due to various conditions, due to situations beyond his control.

You shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Van Boughner from and against all claims, losses, damages
and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or in connection
with your use of the device or capsule.

The capsule is controlled and operated in the United States of America. This agreement is governed by and
interpreted according to the laws of the state of California.

If any provision of this agreement is held invalid, void or unenforceable, then that provision will be
considered severable from the remaining provisions, and the remaining provisions shall remain in full
force and effect.

Thank you for your kind attention.
